/**
\page intro Introduction to Ptex

%Ptex is a texture mapping system that uses the intrinsic per-face UVs
of a poly mesh.  No explicit UV assignment is required.  Textures are
stored along with adjacency data in a single texture file per surface.
%Ptex uses the adjacency data to perform seamless anisotropic filtering
of multi-resolution textures across surfaces of arbitrary topology.

The %Ptex API provides the ability to read and write ptex files, access
texture data through a memory-managed cache, and apply various filters
to the data.  The API is designed to allow easy integration with
production renderers such as PRMan.

Technical information about %Ptex filtering is available in the paper:

<b>%Ptex: Per-Face Texture Mapping for Production Rendering, Burley and Lacewell,
Eurographics Symposium on Rendering 2008.</b>

\image html "ptex-teaser.png"

T. Rex with 2694 faces rendered with %Ptex. No explicit UV assignment
was used. The largest texture layer, the fine-scale displacements, has
836 million texels stored in a single %Ptex file with individual face
resolutions ranging from 64 x 64 to 2048 x 2048 texels. No seams are
visible across faces, even under close magnification. ((c) Walt Disney
Animation Studios)

Abstract:

Explicit parameterization of subdivision surfaces for texture mapping
adds significant cost and complexity to film production. Most
parameterization methods currently in use require setup effort, and
none are completely general. We propose a new texture mapping method
for Catmull-Clark subdivision surfaces that requires no explicit
parameterization. Our method, %Ptex, stores a separate texture per quad
face of the subdivision control mesh, along with a novel per-face
adjacency map, in a single texture file per surface. %Ptex uses the
adjacency data to perform seamless anisotropic filtering of
multi-resolution textures across surfaces of arbitrary topology. Just
as importantly, %Ptex requires no manual setup and scales to models of
arbitrary mesh complexity and texture detail. %Ptex has been
successfully used to texture all of the models in an animated
theatrical short and is currently being applied to an entire animated
feature. %Ptex has eliminated UV assignment from our studio and
significantly increased the efficiency of our pipeline.
*/

